first I applied a base coat and then I
applied a red nail polish now taking a
piece of tape I'm just gonna place that
on the top part of my nail then taking
another piece I'm gonna connect that
diagonally and one more on the other
side and this is just to create a
triangle you can freehand it if you want
to then I'm taking white acrylic paint
and painting that on top you can also
use white nail polish I didn't have any
at the time I messed up a little bit cuz
apparently I just suck at doing that so
I took a toothpick and sort of fix the
shape a bit
then taking some foil stickers I'm just
going to place that on my nail so I'm
just gonna use it to outline the
triangle that we made
then cut it
and then place another piece and connect
those pieces
and then I'm gonna cut a strip on the
top I think this would also work even
better if you use like regular nail oil
because that would probably stick a lot
better to your nail and now for the
actual Iron Man I'm going to take a
yellow and just paint two lines then
connect them using another line and I'm
gonna create a diagonal line and then
another one that is going to face
inwards a little bit
and then create one more diagonal line
facing the opposite direction so it's
like a really wide Vee
then I'm going to create a curved line
going inward and leaving a space at the
bottom once we have that I'm going to
create another diagonal line
and then a curved line to connect
everything and I'm gonna fill that in
now taking a clean toothpick I'm just
gonna fix up the edges we would probably
not want to use so much acrylic paint
that way it's easier to fix the edges I
made the mistake of actually doing a
couple of layers to get it really opaque
and so it's a bit harder to fix the
mistakes because it sort of peels off
instead of scratches off
now I'm gonna create a little bit of a
curve I'm gonna call this his cheekbone
so pretty much it's gonna be somewhat of
a triangle and you're gonna want that
little point on his cheekbone to be
about halfway on your nail
like that
and I'm going to take a little bit more
off of the hollow of his cheek
you
so that when you're facing forward
you'll be able to see so it should look
something like that and now for the
bottom part I'm just gonna try and angle
those diagonal lines that I made earlier
on each of the sides they're pretty
short and then try to create that curved
cut off part on the bottom at times I
thought that the shape was a bit off so
what I did was I repainted it and then
fix the shape up again with the
toothpick
and then a final detail is just to
create a rectangular cutout right at the
bottom
now taking a black I'm going to create
his mouth so I'm just gonna do a short
diagonal line then an upward diagonal
line then go straight across and repeat
on the other side in the opposite
direction
his eyes gonna start from two imaginary
lines that connect from this cheekbone
and that line right here starting right
there so I'm going to create a slanted
line going one way and he straight line
another slanted line in another straight
line and at the right end that slanted
line should have been in the opposite
direction but I'll fix that later now
going back to the black I'm going to
connect the two eyes together like
glasses and then on each side I'm going
to create a line to add some depth then
I mix that yellow color with some brown
to darken it up a bit I'm just going to
go on top of the eyes and outline the
eyes then I'm going to create two
slanted lines to make it look like he
has some cheekbones and a jawline and
ellipses
and create two lines from those two
endpoints of the mouth and just add some
lines on the sides of his head
after that I sort of fixed the eye
may the black lines a little bit thinner
I'm gonna go ahead and fix some of the
mouths with some yellow paints and I
basically just fixed any lines that I
wanted to be more neat and the final
step was to create a darker red and just
outline the whole yellow face then I
added a topcoat and that was it you can
obviously do a bunch of different
designs for the rest of the nails I'm
gonna be making more of these soon so
thank you for watching bye